She's a bloodthirsty motormouth lawyer from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a plucky kleptomaniac stripper from Mars. 
She's a violent extravagent detective living on borrowed time. 
She's a violent red-headed angel with an incredible destiny. 
She's a scantily clad nymphomaniac schoolgirl from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a wealthy tomboy museum curator from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a cold-hearted goth snake charmer from out of town. 
She's an artistic tomboy Valkyrie who can talk to animals. 
She's a vivacious nymphomaniac doctor in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a ditzy extravagent angel from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a mistrustful junkie Hell's Angel on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a man-hating blonde schoolgirl from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a cold-hearted tempestuous schoolgirl living on borrowed time. 
She's a violent extravagent socialite from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a sharp-shooting kleptomaniac mercenary married to the Mob. 
She's a virginal hypochondriac nun in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a supernatural wisecracking mechanic with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a manipulative renegade snake charmer fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a ditzy hip-hop pearl diver with the power to see death. 
She's a pregnant tomboy barmaid prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's an enchanted kleptomaniac soap star with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a ditzy cat-loving politician with an evil twin sister. 
She's a supernatural impetuous stripper with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's an elegant kleptomaniac mermaid on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a transdimensional gypsy doctor from out of town. 
She's a pregnant mute angel from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a warm-hearted paranoid fairy princess living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a plucky hypochondriac Valkyrie from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a bloodthirsty African-American fairy princess from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's an orphaned motormouth femme fatale with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a virginal red-headed widow with a knack for trouble. 
She's a radical belly-dancing traffic cop from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a chain-smoking out-of-work safe cracker living on borrowed time. 
She's a psychotic antique-collecting barmaid living on borrowed time. 
She's a disco-crazy cigar-chomping wrestler married to the Mob. 
She's an orphaned renegade femme fatale from Mars. 
She's a psychotic impetuous detective who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a chain-smoking snooty archaeologist living on borrowed time. 
She's a tortured junkie mermaid from beyond the grave 
She's an artistic French-Canadian bounty hunter with the power to see death. 
She's an enchanted nymphomaniac widow trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a cold-hearted foul-mouthed pearl diver with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a sharp-shooting gold-digging research scientist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's an elegant winged former first lady with the power to see death. 
She's a sarcastic hip-hop former first lady from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a violent mute journalist from beyond the grave 
She's a cynical blonde politician on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a strong-willed out-of-work pearl diver from a different time and place. 
She's a time-travelling French-Canadian socialite with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a cynical belly-dancing bodyguard in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a manipulative foul-mouthed snake charmer from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a tortured motormouth mercenary from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a mentally unstable out-of-work mercenary in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a ditzy tomboy soap star living on borrowed time. 
She's a cynical thirtysomething lawyer from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a high-kicking African-American research scientist from out of town. 
She's an elegant wisecracking queen of the dead from out of town. 
She's a time-travelling foul-mouthed socialite who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a strong-willed cigar-chomping politician fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a disco-crazy winged magician's assistant from out of town. 
She's a transdimensional African-American Hell's Angel who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a tortured wisecracking bodyguard with someone else's memories. 
She's a radical insomniac hooker from beyond the grave 
She's a radical antique-collecting bodyguard living on borrowed time. 
She's a virginal blonde mermaid living on borrowed time. 
She's a manipulative bisexual stripper descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a radical insomniac soap star with the power to see death. 
She's an orphaned cigar-chomping vampire with only herself to blame. 
She's a violent bisexual lawyer from Mars. 
She's an orphaned winged college professor who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a blind kleptomaniac schoolgirl with an incredible destiny. 
She's a brilliant motormouth bodyguard with an incredible destiny. 
She's a chain-smoking hip-hop former first lady from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a foxy motormouth angel who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a cold-hearted antique-collecting Hell's Angel with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a hard-bitten winged detective living on borrowed time. 
She's an artistic green-skinned Valkyrie descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a mentally unstable paranoid opera singer operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a brilliant bisexual safe cracker with someone else's memories. 
She's a strong-willed renegade angel who can talk to animals. 
She's an orphaned cat-loving detective prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's an artistic mute fairy princess from out of town. 
She's a ditzy out-of-work opera singer fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a foxy foul-mouthed vampire who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a cynical mute wrestler from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a transdimensional hypochondriac mercenary who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a tortured punk doctor living on borrowed time. 
She's a pregnant thirtysomething soap star who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a chain-smoking Bolivian queen of the dead living on borrowed time. 
She's a radical kleptomaniac journalist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's an orphaned tomboy wrestler looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a sarcastic wisecracking former first lady who can talk to animals. 
She's a brilliant African-American research scientist operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a plucky blonde politician from a different time and place. 
She's an artistic winged opera singer in the witness protection scheme. 
She's an orphaned cigar-chomping safe cracker in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a cosmopolitan nymphomaniac widow living on borrowed time. 
She's a man-hating tempestuous single mother on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a vivacious nymphomaniac magician's assistant prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a mentally unstable hypochondriac schoolgirl who can talk to animals. 
She's a cosmopolitan mutant fairy princess descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a foxy kleptomaniac politician on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a pregnant hip-hop socialite prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a cosmopolitan red-headed lawyer who can talk to animals. 
She's a cold-hearted tomboy college professor with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a cynical renegade detective married to the Mob. 
She's a bloodthirsty tomboy bodyguard operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a vivacious streetsmart queen of the dead with someone else's memories. 
She's an orphaned insomniac barmaid from a different time and place. 
She's a chain-smoking thirtysomething mermaid with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a manipulative snooty angel in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a violent mute femme fatale from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a manipulative gold-digging museum curator with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a brilliant mute opera singer with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a supernatural bisexual nun fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a provocative African-American stripper with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a cosmopolitan hip-hop wrestler operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a supernatural cat-loving archaeologist fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a transdimensional paranoid traffic cop with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a chain-smoking hypochondriac Valkyrie living on borrowed time. 
She's a cynical punk traffic cop living on borrowed time. 
She's a plucky motormouth magician's assistant prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a blind motormouth femme fatale from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a supernatural insomniac safe cracker who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a tortured African-American snake charmer with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's an orphaned blonde wrestler with the power to see death. 
She's a cold-hearted motormouth Valkyrie living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a strong-willed green-skinned stripper fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a manipulative mutant opera singer from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a man-hating Buddhist detective who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a manipulative gold-digging single mother who can talk to animals. 
She's a warm-hearted red-headed schoolgirl who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a cold-hearted African-American politician who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a violent cat-loving magician's assistant in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a time-travelling psychic bounty hunter with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a supernatural Bolivian mercenary trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a ditzy Buddhist socialite who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's an orphaned cat-loving college professor with an evil twin sister. 
She's a cosmopolitan extravagent cab driver living on borrowed time. 
She's a scantily clad mute traffic cop with a knack for trouble. 
She's an artistic motormouth Hell's Angel with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a radical nymphomaniac hooker who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a disco-crazy foul-mouthed angel married to the Mob. 
She's a strong-willed kleptomaniac politician with an evil twin sister. 
She's an artistic punk stripper with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a vivacious thirtysomething vampire descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a man-hating cigar-chomping soap star who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a radical cat-loving archaeologist descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a scantily clad bisexual mechanic living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a disco-crazy kleptomaniac pearl diver fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
 She's a man-hating red-headed nun from a family of eight older brothers
 She's a mistrustful out-of-work snake charmer with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a warm-hearted nymphomaniac college professor who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
 She's a tortured impetuous magician's assistant who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a hard-bitten cigar-chomping museum curator living on borrowed time
 She's a scantily clad cat-loving vampire with a knack for trouble
 She's an elegant junkie college professor from a secret island of warrior women
 She's a mistrustful snooty detective with an incredible destiny
 She's a pregnant bisexual soap star with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a transdimensional Bolivian advertising executive with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
 She's a foxy African-American former first lady with the soul of a mighty warrior
 She's a pregnant punk soap star with someone else's memories
 She's a beautiful African-American traffic cop in the witness protection scheme
 She's a man-hating green-skinned soap star with an evil twin sister
 She's an orphaned mute stripper with an evil twin sister
 She's a sharp-shooting belly-dancing mermaid who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a scantily clad Bolivian soap star living on borrowed time
 She's a mistrustful communist hooker who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a chain-smoking foul-mouthed widow from aristocratic European stock
 She's a warm-hearted impetuous vampire living homeless in New York's sewers
 She's a warm-hearted bisexual single mother on the trail of a serial killer
 She's a bloodthirsty French-Canadian mermaid in the witness protection scheme
 She's a psychotic foul-mouthed Hell's Angel from out of town
 She's a pregnant French-Canadian bounty hunter descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a cynical African-American pearl diver with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
 She's a green-fingered winged schoolgirl who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
 She's a wealthy Bolivian traffic cop descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a cynical winged advertising executive prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
 She's a hard-bitten mute college professor on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
 She's a sarcastic bisexual cab driver with an MBA from Harvard
 They fight crime!</P>


 She's an enchanted wisecracking fairy princess trying to make a difference in a man's world
 She's a bloodthirsty mutant snake charmer with her own daytime radio talk show
 She's a bloodthirsty hypochondriac widow from a family of eight older brothers
 She's a blind antique-collecting mercenary descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a time-travelling paranoid Hell's Angel with the power to see death
 She's a strong-willed green-skinned schoolgirl in the witness protection scheme
 She's a hard-bitten gypsy mermaid operating on the wrong side of the law
 She's a time-travelling mutant mermaid with a flame-thrower
 She's a strong-willed insomniac Hell's Angel who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a chain-smoking snooty queen of the dead with the soul of a mighty warrior
 She's a psychotic insomniac mechanic trying to make a difference in a man's world
 She's a time-travelling cat-loving bodyguard operating on the wrong side of the law
 She's a pregnant blonde hooker on the trail of a serial killer
 She's an artistic goth mercenary with an MBA from Harvard
 She's an artistic insomniac opera singer with an evil twin sister
 She's a disco-crazy punk pearl diver from aristocratic European stock
 She's a violent goth pearl diver with an incredible destiny
 She's a wealthy renegade mechanic living on borrowed time
 Circus
She's a ditzy blonde wrestler from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's an elegant junkie widow fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a tortured Bolivian angel with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a wealthy snooty schoolgirl living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a transdimensional foul-mouthed opera singer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a warm-hearted Buddhist cab driver from beyond the grave 
She's a hard-bitten junkie museum curator on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's an artistic foul-mouthed snake charmer from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a man-hating cigar-chomping single mother married to the Mob. 
She's an elegant bisexual Hell's Angel fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a supernatural paranoid snake charmer on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a ditzy tomboy bounty hunter from beyond the grave 
She's an orphaned renegade femme fatale with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a man-hating red-headed mercenary with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a brilliant out-of-work mechanic who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a time-travelling tomboy Hell's Angel with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a plucky Buddhist widow from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a time-travelling communist socialite who can talk to animals. 
She's a sharp-shooting Buddhist socialite who can talk to animals. 
She's a man-hating tempestuous single mother on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a warm-hearted nymphomaniac safe cracker with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a scantily clad foul-mouthed barmaid operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a scantily clad winged advertising executive from out of town. 
She's a tortured French-Canadian hooker with only herself to blame. 
She's a transdimensional communist lawyer who can talk to animals. 
She's a mentally unstable foul-mouthed bounty hunter with an incredible destiny. 
She's a chain-smoking insomniac bounty hunter on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a cold-hearted communist fairy princess operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a hard-bitten goth femme fatale prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a pregnant gypsy former first lady who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a man-hating goth schoolgirl with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a sarcastic wisecracking snake charmer from out of town. 
She's a pregnant insomniac single mother from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a virginal streetsmart femme fatale with an evil twin sister. 
She's an artistic winged research scientist living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a wealthy Buddhist museum curator prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a hard-bitten motormouth magician's assistant from a different time and place. 
She's a cosmopolitan antique-collecting archaeologist from out of town. 
She's a high-kicking Buddhist cab driver who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a plucky nymphomaniac schoolgirl from out of town. 
She's a chain-smoking tempestuous lawyer operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a mistrustful tempestuous magician's assistant with an evil twin sister. 
She's a high-kicking extravagent doctor with a knack for trouble. 
She's a man-hating red-headed journalist with someone else's memories. 
She's a cosmopolitan wisecracking cab driver who can talk to animals. 
She's a violent extravagent soap star with a knack for trouble. 
She's a violent insomniac mermaid from beyond the grave 
She's a beautiful renegade pearl diver with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a strong-willed gypsy bounty hunter from out of town. 
She's a supernatural insomniac socialite with a flame-thrower. 
She's a pregnant mutant soap star with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a provocative bisexual pearl diver from a different time and place. 
She's an elegant blonde traffic cop in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a psychotic nymphomaniac vampire with only herself to blame. 
She's a beautiful gypsy fairy princess married to the Mob. 
She's a provocative cat-loving fairy princess from beyond the grave 
She's a hard-bitten antique-collecting opera singer descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a man-hating renegade femme fatale on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a scantily clad paranoid archaeologist from a different time and place. 
She's an artistic belly-dancing former first lady who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a hard-bitten kleptomaniac advertising executive from beyond the grave 
She's a virginal Buddhist archaeologist in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a cosmopolitan extravagent femme fatale with an incredible destiny. 
She's a brilliant psychic archaeologist from a different time and place. 
She's a transdimensional snooty college professor who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a cosmopolitan hip-hop opera singer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a violent blonde mercenary who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a mistrustful bisexual widow who can talk to animals. 
She's an orphaned tempestuous mermaid fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a sharp-shooting extravagent journalist in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a cold-hearted wisecracking femme fatale with the power to see death. 
She's a supernatural mutant nun with the power to see death. 
She's an enchanted insomniac museum curator from beyond the grave 
She's a warm-hearted winged archaeologist from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a disco-crazy impetuous former first lady with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a strong-willed gold-digging Hell's Angel with a flame-thrower. 
She's a cold-hearted snooty bodyguard with an incredible destiny. 
She's a virginal antique-collecting vampire from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a sharp-shooting thirtysomething angel looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a scantily clad mutant traffic cop on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a psychotic Buddhist stripper from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a supernatural junkie journalist who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a time-travelling winged femme fatale from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's an enchanted foul-mouthed bounty hunter who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a strong-willed communist lawyer who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a brilliant winged lawyer with a knack for trouble. 
She's an enchanted snooty mercenary fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a hard-bitten goth socialite with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a cosmopolitan wisecracking pearl diver with someone else's memories. 
She's a time-travelling cat-loving opera singer who can talk to animals. 
She's a transdimensional impetuous journalist married to the Mob. 
She's a beautiful cigar-chomping doctor with an evil twin sister. 
She's a sharp-shooting red-headed traffic cop who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a ditzy communist socialite from beyond the grave 
She's a strong-willed wisecracking research scientist from beyond the grave 
She's a psychotic hypochondriac nun fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a provocative gold-digging fairy princess from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a wealthy blonde magician's assistant with the power to see death. 
She's a sarcastic renegade bodyguard from beyond the grave 
She's a supernatural belly-dancing mercenary with an incredible destiny. 
She's a manipulative out-of-work barmaid from Mars
She's a sharp-shooting goth doctor fleeing from a Satanic cult
She's a hard-bitten paranoid opera singer who don't take no shit from nobody
She's an enchanted punk mechanic on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
Circus
She's a scantily clad winged detective with an incredible destiny
She's a warm-hearted antique-collecting Valkyrie with someone else's memories
She's a green-fingered junkie doctor from the wrong side of the tracks
She's a strong-willed out-of-work opera singer in the witness protection scheme
She's a sarcastic insomniac snake charmer with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
She's a brilliant antique-collecting fairy princess with the power to bend men's minds
She's a green-fingered green-skinned magician's assistant with the soul of a mighty warrior
She's a sarcastic French-Canadian traffic cop with the power to bend men's minds
She's a vivacious winged nun on the trail of a serial killer
She's a brilliant extravagent former first lady with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
She's a time-travelling winged traffic cop with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
She's a strong-willed paranoid mermaid married to the Mob
She's an elegant communist Hell's Angel from a different time and place
She's a warm-hearted hip-hop advertising executive who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
She's a transdimensional green-skinned soap star who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
She's a radical French-Canadian pearl diver with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
She's a pregnant wisecracking soap star who dreams of becoming Elvis
She's a cynical wisecracking wrestler from a secret island of warrior women
She's a provocative African-American fairy princess from a family of eight older brothers
She's a mentally unstable out-of-work pearl diver descended from a line of powerful witches
She's a high-kicking mute detective living homeless in New York's sewers
She's a pregnant Buddhist mercenary with an evil twin sister
She's a high-kicking impetuous archaeologist with only herself to blame
She's a time-travelling extravagent advertising executive who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
They fight crime!
She's a strong-willed insomniac soap star with an MBA from Harvard
She's an enchanted nymphomaniac journalist descended from a line of powerful witches
They fight crime!
She's a time-travelling French-Canadian bounty hunter operating on the wrong side of the law
She's a radical gypsy nun on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
She's a plucky insomniac traffic cop from the wrong side of the tracks
She's a transdimensional thirtysomething advertising executive with the power to bend men's minds
She's a scantily clad mutant angel with only herself to blame
She's a chain-smoking antique-collecting detective who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
She's a beautiful African-American stripper looking for love in all the wrong places
She's a virginal bisexual detective who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
She's a disco-crazy mutant archaeologist with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
She's a foxy junkie mechanic with a flame-thrower
She's a virginal extravagent pearl diver prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
She's an elegant mutant traffic cop with a flame-thrower
She's a bloodthirsty red-headed politician fleeing from a Satanic cult
She's a bloodthirsty renegade archaeologist who can talk to animals
They fight crime!
She's a tortured mute queen of the dead from Mars
She's a pregnant streetsmart vampire from beyond the grave They fight crime!
She's a green-fingered junkie widow living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's an enchanted nymphomaniac schoolgirl with a flame-thrower.
She's a green-fingered tempestuous schoolgirl with a knack for trouble.
She's a tortured red-headed archaeologist in the witness protection scheme.
She's a blind belly-dancing former first lady who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a vivacious blonde Valkyrie with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a ditzy cigar-chomping safe cracker with a knack for trouble.
She's a tortured foul-mouthed mercenary from beyond the grave.
She's a violent foul-mouthed college professor from a family of eight older brothers.
She's an elegant African-American cab driver fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a plucky paranoid pearl diver from a different time and place.
She's a manipulative cigar-chomping snake charmer with someone else's memories.
She's a brilliant insomniac Hell's Angel from beyond the grave.
She's a radical blonde mechanic from beyond the grave.
She's a cynical communist Valkyrie fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a green-fingered streetsmart lawyer with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a manipulative communist pearl diver prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
She's a chain-smoking paranoid mermaid with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a cynical communist magician's assistant from beyond the grave.
She's a scantily clad punk queen of the dead with an incredible destiny.
She's a foxy punk Valkyrie on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's a time-travelling impetuous mermaid with the power to see death.
She's a pregnant motormouth mermaid descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a psychotic punk wrestler who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a vivacious junkie archaeologist from Mars.
She's a warm-hearted communist museum curator fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a cynical belly-dancing opera singer fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a high-kicking cigar-chomping mermaid who don't take no shit from nobody.
She's a ditzy kleptomaniac former first lady who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a manipulative paranoid mechanic from out of town.
She's a wealthy cigar-chomping mermaid who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a manipulative psychic opera singer with an incredible destiny.
She's a beautiful bisexual widow with a flame-thrower.
She's a green-fingered punk detective who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a bloodthirsty insomniac opera singer looking for love in all the wrong places.
She's a time-travelling insomniac advertising executive from the wrong side of the tracks.
She's a chain-smoking extravagent magician's assistant operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's a blind belly-dancing advertising executive from a secret island of warrior women.
She's a beautiful insomniac opera singer with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a brilliant streetsmart safe cracker descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a manipulative streetsmart archaeologist from a different time and place.
She's a wealthy streetsmart vampire with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a mentally unstable psychic traffic cop with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
She's a disco-crazy psychic archaeologist with only herself to blame.
She's a blind communist doctor living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's an artistic tempestuous femme fatale who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a high-kicking mute socialite from a family of eight older brothers.
She's a bloodthirsty nymphomaniac nun with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a mistrustful renegade fairy princess with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's an orphaned thirtysomething barmaid in the witness protection scheme.
She's a green-fingered motormouth traffic cop with an MBA from Harvard
She's a disco-crazy snooty Valkyrie with the soul of a mighty warrior
She's a man-hating communist journalist descended from a line of powerful witches
She's a virginal kleptomaniac schoolgirl with her own daytime radio talk show
She's a scantily clad foul-mouthed Valkyrie fleeing from a Satanic cult
She's a provocative mute magician's assistant fleeing from a Satanic cult
She's a vivacious cat-loving former first lady with the power to bend men's minds
She's a high-kicking paranoid mermaid from a different time and place
She's an enchanted belly-dancing mechanic with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
She's a wealthy motormouth museum curator from Mars
She's a wealthy motormouth wrestler with a flame-thrower
She's a cold-hearted renegade single mother in the witness protection scheme
She's a cold-hearted foul-mouthed magician's assistant with only herself to blame
She's a tortured punk lawyer with the power to see death
She's a radical punk doctor from beyond the grave They fight crime!
She's a sharp-shooting mutant Hell's Angel from beyond the grave They fight crime!
She's a ditzy cigar-chomping hooker with a flame-thrower
She's a supernatural tomboy traffic cop with the soul of a mighty warrior
She's a scantily clad mutant detective from aristocratic European stock
She's a foxy hip-hop wrestler with an MBA from Harvard
She's a plucky extravagent hooker with the soul of a mighty warrior
She's a plucky psychic politician from the wrong side of the tracks
She's a transdimensional gypsy journalist from out of town
She's a provocative blonde bounty hunter who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
She's a man-hating wisecracking detective in the wrong place at the wrong time
She's a plucky kleptomaniac traffic cop with an MBA from Harvard
She's a virginal gold-digging stripper with an MBA from Harvard
She's a bloodthirsty antique-collecting snake charmer who don't take no shit from nobody
She's a chain-smoking extravagent queen of the dead who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
She's a cynical mute bodyguard with an incredible destiny
She's a strong-willed motormouth mercenary who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
She's a virginal renegade widow with the soul of a mighty warrior
She's a mistrustful wisecracking mercenary with the power to see death
She's a pregnant paranoid mechanic prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
She's a brilliant insomniac single mother with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
She's a hard-bitten hip-hop fairy princess from beyond the grave They fight crime!
She's a pregnant wisecracking mermaid from the wrong side of the tracks
She's a tortured Bolivian nun with only herself to blame
She's a transdimensional goth stripper who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
She's an artistic mutant cab driver living homeless in New York's sewers
She's a mentally unstable hypochondriac nun with a knack for trouble
She's a cosmopolitan cigar-chomping pearl diver married to the Mob
She's a manipulative cigar-chomping mechanic fleeing from a Satanic cult
She's a green-fingered cat-loving single mother trying to make a difference in a man's world
She's a wealthy insomniac mercenary in the witness protection scheme
She's a foxy snooty bounty hunter looking for love in all the wrong places
She's a supernatural red-headed barmaid fleeing from a Satanic cult
She's a psychotic blonde journalist with a knack for trouble
She's a transdimensional renegade single mother who dreams of becoming Elvis
She's an artistic tempestuous traffic cop from the wrong side of the tracks
She's a man-hating kleptomaniac queen of the dead with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a violent cigar-chomping mermaid fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a radical insomniac magician's assistant in the witness protection scheme. 
She's an enchanted French-Canadian museum curator fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a beautiful streetsmart hooker trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a chain-smoking cigar-chomping lawyer with only herself to blame. 
She's a plucky red-headed pearl diver on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a beautiful streetsmart stripper with only herself to blame. 
She's a time-travelling belly-dancing museum curator married to the Mob. 
She's a strong-willed kleptomaniac nun in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a transdimensional gypsy safe cracker looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a sarcastic winged detective with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a chain-smoking streetsmart doctor with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a bloodthirsty African-American bodyguard who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a strong-willed nymphomaniac traffic cop with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a chain-smoking cat-loving mermaid with the power to see death. 
She's an orphaned hypochondriac research scientist with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's an elegant wisecracking queen of the dead with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a mistrustful goth hooker descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a beautiful communist safe cracker who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a bloodthirsty impetuous barmaid married to the Mob. 
She's a ditzy hip-hop mermaid looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a cynical thirtysomething doctor with a flame-thrower. 
She's a beautiful green-skinned museum curator with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a sarcastic tempestuous fairy princess with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a violent French-Canadian college professor prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a radical hypochondriac doctor with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a high-kicking winged bodyguard looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a high-kicking blonde traffic cop from Mars. 
She's a virginal tempestuous widow in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a vivacious antique-collecting advertising executive with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a brilliant kleptomaniac traffic cop who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a time-travelling mutant college professor from out of town. 
She's a bloodthirsty snooty barmaid with an evil twin sister. 
She's a mentally unstable wisecracking angel who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a cynical hip-hop Valkyrie who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a sarcastic belly-dancing widow who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a cold-hearted thirtysomething fairy princess with a flame-thrower. 
She's a high-kicking Buddhist safe cracker with an evil twin sister. 
She's a brilliant insomniac vampire who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a psychotic wisecracking detective from aristocratic European stock. 
She's an orphaned motormouth college professor from Mars. 
She's a plucky antique-collecting journalist from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a hard-bitten French-Canadian mermaid from Mars. 
She's a manipulative African-American snake charmer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a blind Bolivian bounty hunter from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a time-travelling nymphomaniac soap star who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a foxy out-of-work bodyguard with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a cosmopolitan kleptomaniac journalist living on borrowed time. 
She's a provocative communist soap star living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a wealthy African-American schoolgirl on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a pregnant nymphomaniac bodyguard from beyond the grave 
She's a foxy nymphomaniac socialite from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a manipulative French-Canadian barmaid with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's an orphaned African-American queen of the dead married to the Mob. 
She's a sharp-shooting gold-digging angel descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a time-travelling winged soap star married to the Mob. 
She's an artistic mutant politician with a knack for trouble. 
She's a chain-smoking African-American Hell's Angel from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a strong-willed thirtysomething journalist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a beautiful punk queen of the dead from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a cynical communist detective with someone else's memories. 
She's a tortured mutant cab driver looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's an elegant communist journalist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a strong-willed hypochondriac mermaid with an incredible destiny. 
She's an orphaned bisexual safe cracker from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a man-hating Buddhist bodyguard from a different time and place. 
She's a strong-willed insomniac angel fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a virginal hypochondriac hooker operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's an artistic mute advertising executive from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a high-kicking Buddhist barmaid from out of town. 
She's a vivacious red-headed stripper from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a plucky Bolivian lawyer with a flame-thrower. 
She's an orphaned wisecracking magician's assistant with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a blind tomboy archaeologist operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a vivacious kleptomaniac pearl diver with someone else's memories. 
She's a mentally unstable African-American mermaid with the power to see death. 
She's a blind mute advertising executive who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a brilliant impetuous soap star in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a supernatural renegade mercenary living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a chain-smoking streetsmart bodyguard trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a vivacious paranoid archaeologist with a knack for trouble. 
She's a violent snooty advertising executive on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a pregnant belly-dancing politician who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's an artistic tomboy wrestler with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a chain-smoking snooty wrestler fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a radical belly-dancing queen of the dead on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a wealthy renegade femme fatale who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a wealthy motormouth journalist operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a sarcastic antique-collecting former first lady who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a manipulative insomniac soap star descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a high-kicking snooty stripper living on borrowed time. 
She's an orphaned psychic college professor on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a violent belly-dancing politician with a flame-thrower. 
She's a scantily clad junkie museum curator with a flame-thrower. 
She's a virginal psychic museum curator with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a time-travelling communist Valkyrie who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a warm-hearted African-American socialite with an incredible destiny. 
She's a ditzy mute lawyer from Mars. 
She's a hard-bitten junkie opera singer living homeless in New York's sewers. 